>> Shirley Wu: The other thing that I want
us to do is to just give a little bit
of a box shadow.
One of the things that I
realize now is that I actually,
if we have more time what I want to
do is sort each of these curves.
So that the ordering of these SVG elements
are the ones that are the tallest,
go to the very back and the ones that
are shortest, come to the very front.
So that you can see every
single one of these curves.
And I would just go back in and
sort it by the absolute
figure of a box office minus,
the meme box.
Then, let's copy over the drop shadow.
So this is the DropShadow.
>> Shirley Wu: And
I'm going to put that up top.
>> Shirley Wu: So this is the DropShadow.
And I had a lot of help from
Nadia's baby spike code.
And so, these SVG filters a lot of them
are defined by you have some sort of
either you have a source coming in or
it just starts out with just that
filter and then you have a result.
And so what we want to do with
a drop shadow is, in our case,
I just want to add a little
bit of a color matrix filter.
And what that does is whatever source
it just applies this color to it, and
this color looks, so
this matrices is really confusing but
how you read it is this is the channel for
R,G,B,A.
I don't really know exactly like how
to manipulate it more than just this.
And so,
in this case what I'm saying is everything
that comes in I just want
to turn into 30% opacity.
And then with this color matrix,
I combine that with a GaussianBlur,
and I say a standard deviation of 3,
so it blows it out a little bit.
And then, I say, so
the result of the car matrix
I take into here and I blur it and
then I call that result colorBlur.
And then,
I just say let's merge the result
of those two the colorBlur
with the source graphic,
and that's how you make a drop shadow.
[LAUGH] I actually had a lot of fun,
cuz SVG filters
is one of those things that are-
>> Speaker 2: There's like eight ways
to do a DropShadow.
>> Shirley Wu: Yeah.
Yeah, so-
>> Speaker 2: There's like a million
different ways that you can copy and
paste off different sites.
>> Shirley Wu: Yeah, and
Mark you know a lot about SVG, right?
>> Mark: Yeah.
>> Shirley Wu: So apparently there's now,
also just like a filter call drop shadow.
And that's the equivalent
of running a GaussianBlur,
offsetting that GaussianBlur
by a certain amount.
And then,
I believe flood is just how the light
is being cast onto the element,
that's my best understanding of flood.
And then, you merge all of that together
and that's the drop shadow right here.
And then I tried this at first and
it was just way too harsh and
I really preferred the way that.
>> Speaker 2: Right there you
were just on it see it says feDropShadow.
>> Shirley Wu: Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: That's like super easy,
it used to be like you were showing.
>> Shirley Wu: Yeah, so it used to.
Sorry?
Yeah, this one is basically if you
drop shadow takes the place of this.
And then now all we have
to do is feDropShadow.
And I actually tried this out first, and I
just really didn't like how harsh it was.
It was just really, really black, and
it just looked really kind of horrendous.
And so, that's why I tried
out the way that Nadi did it.
And I like how soft of
a drop shadow it is.
And so the way that we do it is
just like with the textures,
i have kind of defined
this with the ID shadow.
And i just say,
i want to give a style of a filter and
that filter is called url(#shadow) and
that,
>> Shirley Wu: Should
give me the drop shadows.
So yeah, I think drop, yeah?
>> Speaker 2: Yeah,
you can do like flood opacity it,
which should do the same thing.
>> Speaker 2: feDropShadow.
>> Shirley Wu: Okay, so
combine the feDropShadow with.
>> Speaker 2: Well,
there's an attribute on feDropShadow,
which is flow opacity and
if you change that to point three or
upward, that'll do the same thing.
>> Shirley Wu: Oh,is that said here or
is it in the.
>> Speaker 2: No it's not.
The SVG documentation on MVM
is not exhaustive at all.
>> Shirley Wu: Is it this one, no, so
I can say feDropShadow and
go w3c?
>> Speaker 2: I don't know where would
be a complete reference, but yeah,
maybe w3 that would work.
>> Shirley Wu: Let me try this one maybe?
feDropShadow.
And this one says I can-
>> Speaker 2: There's flood
opacity.
>> Shirley Wu: Cool, wait, unfortunately
where does it say flood opacity?
>> Speaker 2: I don't know.
>> Speaker 4: Number three.
>> Shirley Wu: Number three, feflood,
flood opacity.
>> Speaker 2: Yeah, there you go.
>> Shirley Wu: Wow, thank you so much.
I didn't know this,
I'm quite bad with VSG filters.
[LAUGH]
>> Speaker 2: Nobody is good with,
it's like so new that it's sort of,
I mean it works in browsers, but-
>> Shirley Wu: I think one of those things
I'm trying to get a bit better.
>> Speaker 2: When MDN isn't complete on
a topic, you know that,
pretty much, very few people.
>> Shirley Wu: It's pretty [LAUGH].
I hope to get better at them,
I want to get better at like
kind of composing them but
I think for a lot of uses cases we
can probably just like copy and
paste the definitions from somewhere and
then all we have to do is use that
in a styling or something like that.
But I like just knowing what I'm using.
And that was the DropShadow.
So it adds that little bit of
a nice kind of pop effect.
Does absolutely nothing for
actually the visualization like,
communicating anything across.
But I think it's one of those,
these are kind of the little details that
help make a visualization just
a little bit more pleasing to look at.